let's get started first things first is
there anyone oh well it looks like work
that time um is there anyone who's new
and wants to introduce themselves to the
community or general say I don't see
anyone
alright so jumping into agenda items
first one thirty seconds from me is I
don't think we're gonna have this
meeting or the two dev please next week
since many many being in class though
working on actually meeting
synchronously and trying to think up on
all the awesome stuff we plan to do for
the coming quarters and years Oh heads
up for folks who are viewing this call
who will not be in class go that skip a
week and then tune in again when many
people will be coming from London during
the some set of us will be coming from
London and but we will reconvene not
next week but the week after all right
and the second thing that I wanted to to
encourage this community to take a look
at was finalizing our q4 okay ours so
much progress has happened just since
just since last week which is um and I
linked in the ok are see that people
should be able to take a look at all
these are public so everyone has draft
ok ours now they look awesome some
people still need to fill in priorities
and owners for various tasks but these
have been reviewed and gotten feedback
from good set of sources so please add
more there also the the github issues
where a lot of the discussion and
conversation is happening behind the
scenes for different teams so we can
link those in as well for for anyone who
wants a pointer to where to dive in to
discuss and ask questions short update
anyone have have thoughts feedback
high-level ideas about ok ours so far
from this group or anything that they
would like to talk about lady toe pairs
thank you for rings up so as Molly said
there's been a lot of improvement since
last week and I truly recommend every
working group to check everyone else's
tab on OPRS because I want to be prim
gonna be made in terms of prioritization
in terms of like quitting at the wording
and so there was a good presentation
that the recording is public you can
find it on a killing Billy shoot here
and I also recommend to watch it you can
watch it to time speed and like it goes
very fast
and what it is now and see how it
improves
that's it there's my column for me
yes anyone who wasn't in you know if
they're part of one or multiple working
groups and weren't in some of the kind
of review meetings it happened so far
definitely watch that there was some
useful feedback I think for for every
team that they came in through that call
and some people who are doing awesome
stuff and lessons to take away from from
our peers I have I have a list of call
outs but I'll send them out later
instead of in this email cool that was
that was my five minutes um all right
now moving on to mkg to not 2000 two
minutes two million and one I don't know
20 tells that 20,000 thank you can
everybody hear me so basically what I'm
doing right now is trying to make this
tool that's used by the JavaScript team
I'm called a gia I guess this pronounced
this way and smaller I just wanted to
mention this because I have been working
on this for like for half a year not
actively but I haven't received any
feedback right now I just sigh receive
feedback but I already found that in the
agenda so yeah just wanted to mention
that I'm working on this and the effort
is many focused on making this tool a
smaller in terms of files ice and fire
count and it's been really bothering me
that it's so big so I just wanted to
mention it that's an issue and I'm
trying to fix this
anyone have any questions comments
anyone from the the J s team have you
know off the top of your head feedback
much I'd be great if you could also
stick a link to wherever the best place
to follow along with this work is into
the notes talks which is Jacob linked it
in the the chat so I can open that and
add at the best place for people to come
and give you a synchronous feedback it'd
be awesome
something cool
I don't see any other explicit items in
the chat other than what is the zoom
number we'll keep we'll keep
disseminating maths
anyone else have have agenda items
things they want to discuss things they
want a demo all stuff they've done in
past week
you
all right then I don't have any more
agenda items for today so this is a
quick meeting but it was wonderful to
get to see everyone and hopefully we'll
we'll get to see even more people in
future weeks I will encourage all of the
the various dev teams as they go into
their their weekly meetings for the week
to work on finalizing okrs I think our
goal was to have them finalized by today
Jacob it's like October 4th thank you
huh so soon we shall we shall have to
get those finished soon so use your use
your synchronous time in your meetings
to to make sure that you are well on
track to getting those that was
finalized and unaccomplished so four
exciting guys awesome cool well in that
case let's take back the extra 15
minutes and have a wonderful week see
many of your of you next week
Cheers
you